# CIPproject
####  This project is a game that asks the user questions about programming related subjects, using almost all of the ideas taught in
####     CS50P lectures. The game starts by asking the user for their name (Code was applied to prevent the usage of numbers and special characters) and storing it in a variable, then a password which also gets stored in a variable, and using the sqlite3 library both
####     the username and password get stored in a database(.db file) in which they could be used later. After that, the user gets prompted for the number of questions they would like to be asked where the limit is 10 questions(Code was applied to only allow positive integers that are less than or equal to 10). Then, they get asked whether they would like to answer a bonus question after the game is over, and using regular expressions the program knows whether the answer was affirmative or negative.

####     after what was previously mentioned, the function(gamestarter(qsnum)) gets called that takes in the number of questions that the user requested there would be. using a global variable we set the score to zero and update it as questions are answered correctly. the right answers to questions are stored in a dictionary where they keys are the number of the question and the values are the answers(Considering that they are multiple choice questions). after that the function getrandomqs() gets called which gets a random question from a dictionary of questions where the keys are the number of questions and the values are the strings of questions themselves. using indexing and the random library(specifically the randint function). we get a random questions from the dictionary and return it to the gamestarter function, and to ensure that a question does not get repeated twice( considering that it is a random function, and the same number could appear twice ), i implemented a global dictionary at the beginning of the program called asked with the number of questions as a key and true or false as a value(if value of question is true then it was asked, lets get another random number that is false in the "asked" global dictionary).

####     After that, the program checks each question whether the answer is correct or wrong, adds to the score respectively until the number of questions that wanted to be asked is fulfilled. Then, the user gets asked for the password they once provided that was once stored in the database at the beginning of the program and if they enter the right password, they see their score and the program continues, else if the password was wrong the program shuts down. after that, the program asks the user whether they want to see a cow, if they are negative about that the program ends after checking if the user wanted to answer a bonus question, if they are positive, they see a cow(using the cowsay library) telling them whether they answered the bonus right or wrong or they chose not to answer at all!!

 ####    the bonus question uses recursion to know whether the answer provided by the user was right or wrong, which is a nice addition to the program in general!
